all right what we've got here today is
the PF nine one nine micro coaxial
helicopter it's made by a company called
ping Fei or fee Fei this is a three
channel helicopter comes with a hundred
milliamp hour battery overall you know I
flew this I tested it I I just wasn't
that impressed with it the main problem
I found found two main problems the
first is there's no gyro that's kind of
a must these days there's a really small
battery too and that might have to do it
because it's a really lightweight
helicopter but it was a hundred million
power battery I think that's just that's
the two downsides so with the small
battery I was only able to get this to
stay in the air for about a minute
thirty seconds without the gyro I wasn't
really able to fly it very well the you
know without a gyro to keep the tail
stable as you accelerate you know it
might spin this way and as you would
slow down it would start spinning in
circles you can pretty much go straight
up and down but it wasn't that fun to
fly you know I I think the the pros are
the good thing about this helicopter
would be the price you know it's really
an expensive helicopter and it's pretty
tough you know I I was I was pretty
impressed with these plastic the plastic
body here it's a good plastic it's
really strong
it's thick enough that it can handle
some pretty tough landings a quick
review what you get you get the the
controller controllers infrared you do
have three modes you know a B and C so
in theory you could have three identical
helicopters all with different
controllers in the same room it's got a
charge indicator light right here that's
actually the power on light to charge
this you've got a charge cable that
comes out right here with the helicopter
turned off you plug the power in I
actually just plug the charge cable in
like so and you can see you've got the
charge indicator light when the
helicopter is done charging that light
turns off
it's got a nice box it's probably the
nicest thing it has going for it it's
the box that's how I was tricked you can
kind of see here it's get great graphics
and looks like a pretty fancy helicopter
overall i draped this probably about a
five on the scale one to ten I just
wasn't very fun to fly and it didn't
stay in the air very long and so you
know no gyro I can't give it a good
rating a quick review of the manual you
know you just get standard English
that's Chinese manual you know goes over
kind of the basics six batteries
explains some of your optional
accessories here you know you got a
replacement blade yeah I'll do a quick
video so you can see how this thing
flies and yeah that's my review
without the gyro this thing's not very
stable so I'm just going to try to get
as close as I can to stay kind of in the
field
if you get better at these you can kind
of control them but without the driver
they will be hard to control they kind
of swing back and forth and it's a yeah
I'm constantly having to adjust the
rotation of this
there we go
you